remove redundant description for debug procedure, instead using link. (#661)
kubeedge/website: docs/advanced/debug.md

sidebar_position: 3
---

> ## Prepare certs

Author: the main motivation is to keep the all information in here about `how to enable kubectl log/exec`, and use the ref links from elsewhere for the maintenance cost and avoiding the complication.

> - Stream certificates are generated automatically and the CloudStream feature is enabled by default. Therefore, Steps 1-3 can be skipped unless customization is needed.
> - Step 4 could be finished by iptablesmanager component by default, so manual operations are not needed. Refer to the [cloudcore helm values](https://github.com/kubeedge/kubeedge/blob/master/manifests/charts/cloudcore/values.yaml#L67).

> > - Operations in Steps 5-6 related to CloudCore can also be skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - If CloudCore is deploy in container (by default), operations in Steps 5-6 can also be skipped.
```

Overall looks good. : ) just a small suggestion, because there are still some users deploy CloudCore using binary.

Author: this is good catch, thanks! fixed in https://github.com/kubeedge/website/pull/661/commits/deb31fb3e98afd185f2e3eca06ef1b4f6232cacf

    ```shell
    ls /etc/kubernetes/pki/
    ```

2. Set the `CLOUDCOREIPS` environment variable to specify the IP address of CloudCore, or a VIP if you have a highly available cluster. Set `CLOUDCORE_DOMAINS` instead if Kubernetes uses domain names to communicate with CloudCore.

    ```bash
    export CLOUDCOREIPS="192.168.0.139"
    ```

    (Warning: the same **terminal** is essential to continue the work, or it is necessary to type this command again.) Checking the environment variable with the following command:

    ```shell
    echo $CLOUDCOREIPS
    ```

3. Generate the certificates for **CloudStream** on the cloud node. The generation file is not in `/etc/kubeedge/`, so it needs to be copied from the repository cloned from GitHub.

    Switch to the root user:

    ```shell
    sudo su
    ```

    Copy certificates generation file from original cloned repository:

    ```shell
    cp $GOPATH/src/github.com/kubeedge/kubeedge/build/tools/certgen.sh /etc/kubeedge/
    ```

    Change directory to the kubeedge directory:

    ```shell
    cd /etc/kubeedge/
    ```

    Generate certificates from **certgen.sh**

    ```bash
    /etc/kubeedge/certgen.sh stream
    ```

> 4. It is needed to set iptables on the host. (This command should be executed on every apiserver deployed node.)(In this case, this the master node, and execute this command by root.) Run the following command on the host where each apiserver runs:

Reviewer 2: It is needed to set iptables on the host. (This command should be executed on every node where an apiserver is deployed.) (In this case, it is the control plane node. Execute this command as the root user.)

- Grammatical error at this line.
- Also maybe we should call it control plane rather than master node through out the docs, kubernetes docs have also replaced master node by control plane.

    **Note:** First, get the configmap containing all the CloudCore IPs and tunnel ports:

    ```bash
    kubectl get cm tunnelport -n kubeedge -o yaml

    apiVersion: v1
    kind: ConfigMap
    metadata:
      annotations:
        tunnelportrecord.kubeedge.io: '{"ipTunnelPort":{"192.168.1.16":10350, "192.168.1.17":10351},"port":{"10350":true, "10351":true}}'
      creationTimestamp: "2021-06-01T04:10:20Z"
    ...
    ```

>     Then set all the iptables for multiple CloudCore instances to every node where apiserver runs. The cloudcore ips and tunnel ports should be obtained from the configmap above.

Reviewer 2: Then set all the iptables for multiple CloudCore instances to every node where apiserver runs. The CloudCore IPs and tunnel ports should be obtained from the configmap above.

      writeDeadline: 15
    ```

> 6. Restart all the cloudcore and edgecore to apply the **Stream** configuration.

Reviewer 2: Restart all the CloudCore and EdgeCore to apply the **Stream** configuration.

    ```shell
    sudo su
    ```

    If CloudCore is running in process mode:

    ```shell
    pkill cloudcore
    nohup cloudcore > cloudcore.log 2>&1 &
    ```

    If CloudCore is running in Kubernetes deployment mode:

    ```shell
    kubectl -n kubeedge rollout restart deployment cloudcore
    ```

>     EdgeCore:

Reviewer 2: Restart the EdgeCore
